README.md, before:

# surfs_up

## Overview
W. Avy likes your analysis, but he wants more information about temperature trends before opening the surf shop. Specifically, he wants temperature data for the months of June and December in Oahu, in order to determine if the surf and ice cream shop business is sustainable year-round.

## Resources Used
- Visual Studio Code
- Python
- Flask
- SQLite
- SQLAlchemy
- Jupyter Notebook
- 
<img width="500" alt="imported dependencies" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415149-510427b2-86c5-4285-a5b1-59f132330814.PNG">

<img width="500" alt="vs code development flask server" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415179-1aa9076e-c179-4ec7-8d91-d7356d855ba7.PNG">

<img width="500" alt="precipitation descriptions" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415618-1ecd5088-64be-4308-b5af-90b0facf3ace.PNG">

<img width="500" alt="temperature observations" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415650-c54db9ec-0b5c-48d8-9aa0-35ae7264d99b.PNG">

## Challenge Deliverables
- Deliverable 1: Determine the Summary Statistics for June
- Deliverable 2: Determine the Summary Statistics for December
- Deliverable 3: A written report for the statistical analysis (README.md)

## Results 
(3 key differences in weather between June and December)

<img width="500" alt="june and december temps" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415717-cea88ab8-7845-40a2-bdc0-702412dc4578.PNG">


## Summary 
(high level summary of results) 

I performed two additinal queries to show a side by side easily viewable comparison of temperatures in both June and December.  The months in question of most concern by the client.

<img width="500" alt="june precipitation and temperatures" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415749-c01e10ef-198c-4cfd-a5b7-1b86ee94cd67.PNG">

<img width="500" alt="december precipitation and temperatures" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415768-460c2c3b-8c93-453b-8937-8ae20d0a4bd4.PNG">

Commit message:

finishing summary section and formatting.

README.md, after:

# surfs_up

## Overview
W. Avy likes your analysis, but he wants more information about temperature trends before opening the surf shop. Specifically, he wants temperature data for the months of June and December in Oahu, in order to determine if the surf and ice cream shop business is sustainable year-round.

The purpose of this analysis is to perform an analysis on weather data that has been stored in a SQLite database, and present results to the investor before project is approved for new Surf n' Shake shop in Oahu, Hawaii.  Specifically the investor is hesitant due to previously failed locations due to weather conditions, thus he has requested an indept analysis of this specific locations weather.

## Resources Used
- Visual Studio Code
- Python
- Flask
- SQLite
- SQLAlchemy
- Jupyter Notebook

### Imported Depencencies
<img width="500" alt="imported dependencies" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415149-510427b2-86c5-4285-a5b1-59f132330814.PNG">

### Flask app running in terminal of VS Code
<img width="500" alt="vs code development flask server" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415179-1aa9076e-c179-4ec7-8d91-d7356d855ba7.PNG">

### Precipation Descriptions for 365 day period
<img width="500" alt="precipitation descriptions" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415618-1ecd5088-64be-4308-b5af-90b0facf3ace.PNG">

### Temperature Obersations for 365 day period
<img width="500" alt="temperature observations" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415650-c54db9ec-0b5c-48d8-9aa0-35ae7264d99b.PNG">

## Challenge Deliverables
- Deliverable 1: Determine the Summary Statistics for June
- Deliverable 2: Determine the Summary Statistics for December
- Deliverable 3: A written report for the statistical analysis (README.md)

## Results 
In comparing June and December there is only a slight variation in temperature overall, and heavy continuous rainfall was low.  Specifically in June precipation is on average 14%, while in December it is only slightly higher at 22%.  One can also look at temperatures.  June showed an average temp of 74.94 degrees, while December's average temperature was at 71.04 degrees.  That is only approximately 3 degrees difference in temperature.

<img width="500" alt="june and december temps" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415717-cea88ab8-7845-40a2-bdc0-702412dc4578.PNG">


## Summary 
Overall the weather data analysis provided to the investor shows that his funding of this project would not be affected by adverse weather.  There is little variation in the average temperature from summer and winter months, as well as low risk of heavy/continuous rainfall that might affect customer visits/sales.  

I performed two additinal queries to show a side by side easily viewable comparison of temperatures in both June and December.  The months in question of most concern by the client.

<img width="500" alt="june precipitation and temperatures" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415749-c01e10ef-198c-4cfd-a5b7-1b86ee94cd67.PNG">

<img width="500" alt="december precipitation and temperatures" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104927745/184415768-460c2c3b-8c93-453b-8937-8ae20d0a4bd4.PNG">
